CreateChat dialog: Trim the input value to fix #3299 (#3300)
deltachat/deltachat-desktop: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
- fix: clicking start on an already open webxdc app now opens it again even when it was minimised #3294

> - fix: Email address is now trimmed in create chat dialogue(#3299)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- fix: whitespaces are now removed from Email address when creating a contacts from the Create Chat dialog(#3299)
```
